VPC Peering for AWS (#8707)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/gateway-manager/dedicated-cloud-gateways/aws-vpc-peering.md

* A Dedicated Cloud Gateway network
* An AWS account with administrative privileges to accept peering requests and update route tables

## Configure AWS VPC Peering
AWS VPC Peering can be configured in the {{site.konnect_short_name}} UI and with the [Cloud Gateways API](/konnect/api/cloud-gateways/latest/).
{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Konnect UI %}
### Initiate VPC Peering in {{site.konnect_short_name}}

1. From {{site.konnect_short_name}}, navigate to the **Gateway Manager**.
1. Within the **Networks** tab, select your Dedicated Cloud Gateway network.
1. Open the **kebab menu** and select **Configure private networking**.
1. On the **VPC Peering Connection** tab, fill in the form with the following:
    * **VPC Peering Name**: A unique, friendly name for the peering connection
    * **AWS Account ID**: Your 12-digit AWS account ID, for example:`123456789012`
    * **AWS VPC ID**: The VPC ID you want to peer with for example: `vpc-0abc1234def567890`
    * **VPC CIDR**: The IP range of your AWS VPC for example: `10.0.0.0/16`
    * **VPC Region**: The AWS region where your VPC is deployed
1. Click **Initiate Peering**.

{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Konnect API %}

```sh

> curl -X 'POST' \
>   'https://global.api.konghq.com/v2/cloud-gateways/networks/{NETWORKID}/transit-gateways' \
>   -H 'accept: application/json' \
>   -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
>   -d '{
>     {
>   "name": "us-east-2 vpc peering",  
>   "cidr_blocks": [
>     "10.0.0.0/16"    
>   ],
>   "transit_gateway_attachment_config": {
>     "kind": "aws-vpc-peering-attachment",
>     "peer_account_id": "123456789012",
>     "peer_vpc_id": "vpc-0f1e2d3c4b5a67890",
>     "peer_vpc_region": "us-east-2"
>   }
>   }
> }'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -X 'POST' \
  'https://global.api.konghq.com/v2/cloud-gateways/networks/{networkId}/transit-gateways' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $KONNECT_TOKEN" \
  -d '{
    "name": "us-east-2 vpc peering",
    "cidr_blocks": [
      "10.0.0.0/16"
    ],
    "transit_gateway_attachment_config": {
      "kind": "aws-vpc-peering-attachment",
      "peer_account_id": "123456789012",
      "peer_vpc_id": "vpc-0f1e2d3c4b5a67890",
      "peer_vpc_region": "us-east-2"
    }
  }'
```
The formatting had an extra { and was missing a PAT

```

{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

> ### Accept the Peering Request in AWS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Accept the peering request in AWS
```

> 1. Log in to the **AWS Console**.
> 1. Navigate to **VPC** > **Peering Connections** under **Virtual Private Cloud**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the AWS Console, navigate to **VPC** > **Peering Connections** under **Virtual Private Cloud**.
```

1. Locate the pending request from {{site.konnect_short_name}}.
1. Select the request and click **Accept Request**.

> ### Confirm Connection in {{site.konnect_short_name}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Confirm connection in {{site.konnect_short_name}}
```

> 1. Return to the {{site.konnect_short_name}} **Gateway Manager**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In {{site.konnect_short_name}}, navigate to [**Gateway Manager**](https://cloud.konghq.com/gateway-manager/) and select your control plane.
```

> 1. In the **VPC Peering** section for the network, confirm that the connection status updates to **Ready** once it is successfully established.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **VPC Peering** section for the network, confirm that the connection status updates to `Ready` once it is successfully established.
```

> ### Update Your AWS Route Table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update your AWS route table
```
